# hello-world
A place to /git/started (see what I did there?)
About me 
I recently turned 40 and I wanted to learn how to code,  so I started taking classes on Lynda and Coursera.  I am married with 4 kids, my oldest is 18 and the youngest is 8 months.  I work in finance. I am a licensed stockbroker, however my work is more about helping clients solve problems and educating them to make informed decisions than it is about trading stocks. I have a lot of interests from Flight-Simming (mainly digitalcombatsimulator.com) my callsign in the flight-sim world is Toast, to Ham Radio my callsign for that is KF5LKB and I mainly use my ham radio for community service, specifically I assist the local county emergency management agency with communications in times of emergency, this mainly consists of Storm Spotting/Skywarn in the spring and annual drills and exercises as well as training with the National Weather Service. I am a US Army veteran,  I had the pleasure of serving in one of the most prestigious units in military, the US Army's Official Ceremonial Unit and Escort to the President The Old Guard in Washington DC.   I also had the pleasure of serving the American people as a member of the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA and I was a founding member of the Department of Homeland Security, I worked directly with individuals and families seeking aid following a disaster, I helped families in New York after 9/11 and helped families that lost everything in Hurricane Katrina and I worked with disaster victims from every major disaster in-between those two events.   I have a love of learning and I like to share that infectious enthusiasm with others.  
